Rework binary-search exercise docs (#7)
kytrinyx/problem-specifications: exercises/binary-search/instructions.md

# Instructions

Your task is to implement a binary search algorithm.

A binary search algorithm works by dividing the sorted list in half and comparing the middle element with the item we're looking for.
If the middle element is our item, then we're done.

> If not, then there are two options.
> Either the middle element is greater than our item, or it is less than our item.

Reviewer: Maybe use a numered list?
```suggestion
If not, then there are two options:
1. The middle element is greater than our item
2. The middle element is less than our item.
```

Author: Yeah, this is better. Fixed!

> If the middle element is greater than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers after it.

Reviewer: Maybe emphasize the "after" bit?

```suggestion
If the middle element is greater than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers _after_ it.
```

If the middle element is less than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers before it.

> Then we can repeat the process on the other half of the list.

Reviewer: Maybe stress that we're working with the remaining values (which juxtaposes with eliminating the numbers)

```suggestion
Then we can repeat the process on the remaining, other half of the list.
```

> A binary search algorithm works by dividing the sorted list in half and comparing the middle element with the item we're looking for.
> If the middle element is our item, then we're done.
> If not, then there are two options.
> Either the middle element is greater than our item, or it is less than our item.
> 
> If the middle element is greater than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers after it.
> If the middle element is less than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers before it.
> Then we can repeat the process on the other half of the list.
> 
> By dividing the list in half each time, we can quickly narrow down the possible locations of our item until we find it, or until we've eliminated all possible locations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

A binary search algorithm works by repeatedly splitting the list in half, only keeping the half in which we know the item we're looking for will be found.
It allows us to quickly narrow down the possible locations of our item until we find it, or until we've eliminated all possible locations.
It only works when a list has been sorted.

The algorithm looks like this:
- Divide the sorted list in half and compare the middle element with the item we're looking for.
- If the middle element is our item, then we're done.
- If the middle element is greater than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers after it.
- If the middle element is less than our item, we can eliminate that number and all the numbers before it.
- Repeat
```

Author: Ah, this is good. I've added a rule of thumb to my best practices list.

Here's an example:

Let's say we're looking for the number 23 in the following sorted list: `[4, 8, 12, 16, 23, 28, 32]`.

> We start by comparing 23 with the middle element, 16.
> Since 23 is greater than 16, we can eliminate the left half of the list, leaving us with `[23, 28, 32]`.
> We then compare 23 with the new middle element, 28.
> Since 23 is less than 28, we can eliminate the right half of the list: `[23]`.
> We've found our item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We start by comparing 23 with the middle element, 16.
- Since 23 is greater than 16, we can eliminate the left half of the list, leaving us with `[23, 28, 32]`.
- We then compare 23 with the new middle element, 28.
- Since 23 is less than 28, we can eliminate the right half of the list: `[23]`.
- We've found our item.
```

# Instructions

Your task is to implement a binary search algorithm.

A binary search algorithm sorts a list by repeatedly splitting it in half, only keeping the half which contains the item we're looking for.
It allows us to quickly narrow down the possible locations of our item until we find it, or until we've eliminated all possible locations.

> It only works when a list has been sorted.

Reviewer: I wonder if this would be nice to put into an `exercism/caution` block, as it is very important.

Author: You mean just this last sentence?

Reviewer: Yeah. Sorry about not being specific.

Author: Cool thanks, yeah, I will do that.

# Instructions

Your task is to implement a binary search algorithm.

> A binary search algorithm works by repeatedly splitting the list in half, only keeping the half in which we know the item we're looking for will be found.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A binary search algorithm sorts a list by repeatedly splitting it in half, only keeping the half which contains the item we're looking for.
```

It allows us to quickly narrow down the possible locations of our item until we find it, or until we've eliminated all possible locations.
It only works when a list has been sorted.

The algorithm looks like this:

> 
> If the middle element is our item, then we're done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
